The person I want to marry is him
Why is it him again?
Didn't I tell you to cripple this kid for me?
Introduction, I don't know what's going on, right?
Rock your head is sick
You don't look down on me like this
And you're marrying this loser?
Who are you calling a wimp?
What's the matter, what's wrong with what I said?
He's just a bar watching the door
After being fired, he was a homeless person
It's hard to say whether he can support himself or not
It is said that I am not as good as him
Thirty Years Hedong Thirty Years Hexi
I did realize before
Maybe turn over now
Hahaha
No matter how you turn over, can you be compared to me?
I am a local tyrant of Wanjia
Who is not alone in Xuanzong?
I have money, status and status
This wedding today
It's all prepared by me at a huge cost
What about you? What do you compare to Lao Tzu?
Then if I say
All you have
It's going to be gone soon.